atheism3.txt atheism
atheism9.txt atheism
atheism12.txt atheism
atheism29.txt atheism
atheism43.txt atheism
atheism52.txt atheism
atheism54.txt atheism
atheism69.txt atheism
atheism77.txt atheism
atheism84.txt atheism
atheism85.txt atheism
atheism92.txt atheism
atheism98.txt atheism
graphics9.txt graphics
graphics13.txt electronics
graphics20.txt graphics
graphics43.txt ibm
graphics44.txt windows
graphics51.txt graphics
graphics52.txt windows
graphics56.txt space
graphics78.txt graphics
windows32.txt windows
windows82.txt windows
ibm4.txt ibm
ibm7.txt ibm
ibm15.txt ibm
ibm24.txt mac
ibm31.txt windows
ibm39.txt graphics
ibm46.txt ibm
ibm61.txt electronics
ibm83.txt ibm
ibm87.txt ibm
ibm89.txt ibm
ibm94.txt windows
mac5.txt mac
mac7.txt mac
mac10.txt mac
mac11.txt mac
mac12.txt mac
mac14.txt electronics
mac28.txt mac
mac35.txt mac
mac42.txt mac
mac57.txt ibm
mac72.txt mac
mac98.txt mac
mac99.txt mac
winx8.txt winx
winx16.txt graphics
winx22.txt graphics
winx24.txt winx
winx26.txt winx
winx28.txt winx
winx29.txt winx
winx35.txt winx
winx37.txt winx
winx47.txt graphics
winx50.txt winx
winx52.txt winx
winx59.txt winx
winx86.txt winx
winx91.txt winx
winx96.txt winx
sale6.txt sale
sale12.txt sale
sale16.txt sale
sale17.txt sale
sale27.txt ibm
sale48.txt sale
sale68.txt electronics
sale84.txt sale
sale95.txt electronics
auto52.txt politics
auto66.txt auto
auto69.txt auto
auto93.txt auto
motorcycles11.txt motorcycles
motorcycles23.txt motorcycles
motorcycles43.txt motorcycles
motorcycles61.txt motorcycles
motorcycles92.txt motorcycles
motorcycles99.txt motorcycles
baseball6.txt baseball
baseball12.txt winx
baseball25.txt baseball
baseball31.txt baseball
baseball36.txt ibm
baseball43.txt baseball
baseball49.txt baseball
baseball66.txt motorcycles
baseball72.txt hockey
baseball90.txt baseball
baseball92.txt baseball
hockey3.txt hockey
hockey13.txt hockey
hockey26.txt hockey
hockey28.txt ibm
hockey30.txt hockey
hockey39.txt hockey
hockey65.txt hockey
hockey73.txt hockey
hockey74.txt hockey
hockey79.txt hockey
hockey87.txt hockey
hockey92.txt hockey
hockey94.txt hockey
hockey97.txt hockey
crypt16.txt crypt
crypt27.txt crypt
crypt36.txt crypt
crypt40.txt crypt
crypt50.txt crypt
crypt51.txt crypt
crypt69.txt crypt
crypt94.txt crypt
crypt95.txt crypt
crypt96.txt crypt
electronics3.txt mac
electronics31.txt electronics
electronics48.txt electronics
electronics52.txt electronics
electronics56.txt windows
electronics58.txt electronics
electronics81.txt electronics
electronics86.txt windows
electronics91.txt electronics
medical5.txt windows
medical15.txt atheism
medical36.txt auto
medical47.txt baseball
medical53.txt medical
medical54.txt medical
medical55.txt medical
medical70.txt ibm
medical76.txt ibm
space21.txt crypt
space45.txt space
space58.txt space
space64.txt space
space75.txt space
space77.txt space
christian4.txt christian
christian5.txt christian
christian46.txt christian
christian52.txt christian
christian55.txt christian
christian57.txt christian
christian96.txt christian
guns9.txt guns
guns11.txt guns
guns18.txt guns
guns23.txt politics
guns30.txt guns
guns42.txt politics
guns48.txt guns
guns49.txt guns
guns55.txt guns
guns57.txt guns
guns58.txt guns
guns67.txt guns
guns79.txt guns
guns90.txt guns
guns95.txt guns
mideast6.txt mideast
mideast7.txt mideast
mideast10.txt mideast
mideast54.txt mideast
mideast61.txt mideast
mideast72.txt mideast
mideast77.txt mideast
mideast92.txt mideast
politics30.txt politics
politics38.txt baseball
politics40.txt politics
politics54.txt guns
politics66.txt politics
politics80.txt politics
politics88.txt politics
politics89.txt politics
religion19.txt atheism
religion21.txt christian
religion45.txt religion
religion54.txt religion
religion56.txt religion
religion61.txt atheism
religion69.txt christian
religion78.txt religion
religion79.txt christian
